README.md, before:

# Your Stable SDK

## Overview

The Your Stable SDK provides a set of functions for interacting with Your Stable contracts, allowing developers to:

- Create a factory for Your Stable coins
- Mint Your Stable coins with supported stablecoins (e.g., USDC)
- Burn Your Stable coins to redeem underlying assets
- Claim rewards
- Manage factory settings and limits
- Update metadata for Your Stable coins

## Installation

```bash
npm install your-stable-sdk
# or
yarn add your-stable-sdk
```

## Usage Examples

### Initialize Sui Client

```typescript
import { getFullnodeUrl, SuiClient } from "@mysten/sui/client";

const suiClient = new SuiClient({ url: getFullnodeUrl("mainnet") });
```

### Create a Factory

```typescript
import { Transaction } from "@mysten/sui/transactions";
import { YourStableClient, phantom, dryRun } from "your-stable-sdk";

async function createFactory() {
  const signer = loadSigner();
  const tx = new Transaction();

  // input your config
  const config = {
    // yourStable coinType
    yourStableCoinType: "0x26c842736665d461bd9a73c7a11ac69d64ec14015fdb5fd8f3c04c881a993f6a::jusd::JUSD",
    // yourStable treasuryCapId
    treasuryCapId: "0x82004b20e7d6b78eceeb61fc69d2c3e5a10a9e4448d37a2876e67fe5059741ce",
    // metadata for yourStable
    metadataObjectId: "0x9aa8e18af0d91d6be64c9478ad6ef01e513720664b816545aed79071014a2d62",
    // supply limit for yourStable 
    supplyLimit: BigInt(10000 * 10 ** YourStableClient.underlyingDecimal),
  };

  const [factory, factoryCap] = YourStableClient.createFactoryMoveCall(
    tx,
    config.yourStableCoinType,
    config.treasuryCapId,
    config.metadataObjectId,
    config.supplyLimit,
  );

  // Make factory a shared object; or converting to owned/wrapped object as you wish
  const factoryType = Factory.r(
    phantom(config.yourStableCoinType),
  ).fullTypeName;
  tx.moveCall({
    target: "0x2::transfer::public_share_object",
    typeArguments: [factoryType],
    arguments: [factory],
  });

  // Transfer factory cap to recipient
  tx.transferObjects([factoryCap], signer.toSuiAddress());

  // Execute transaction
  const response = await suiClient.signAndExecuteTransaction({
    transaction: tx,
    signer,
  });
}
```

### Mint Your Stable Coins

```typescript
import { COIN_TYPE_LIST } from "your-stable-sdk";

async function mintYourStable() {
  const signer = loadSigner();
  const yourStableCoinType = "0x26c842736665d461bd9a73c7a11ac69d64ec14015fdb5fd8f3c04c881a993f6a::jusd::JUSD";
  
  // Initialize factory
  const factory = await YourStableClient.initialize(
    suiClient,
    yourStableCoinType,
  );

  const tx = new Transaction();
  // Mint 0.01 USDC worth of Your Stable
  const depositedAmount = 0.01 * 10 ** 6;
  const usdcCoin = await getInputCoins(
    tx,
    suiClient,
    signer.toSuiAddress(),
    COIN_TYPE_LIST.USDC,
    BigInt(depositedAmount),
  );
  
  // Mint Your Stable coins
  const yourStableCoin = factory.mintYourStableMoveCall(
    tx,
    COIN_TYPE_LIST.USDC,
    usdcCoin,
  );

  tx.transferObjects([yourStableCoin], signer.toSuiAddress());

  // Execute transaction
  const response = await suiClient.signAndExecuteTransaction({
    transaction: tx,
    signer,
  });
}
```

### Burn Your Stable Coins

```typescript
async function burnYourStable() {
  const signer = loadSigner();
  const yourStableCoinType = "0x26c842736665d461bd9a73c7a11ac69d64ec14015fdb5fd8f3c04c881a993f6a::jusd::JUSD";
  
  const factory = await YourStableClient.initialize(
    suiClient,
    yourStableCoinType,
  );

  const tx = new Transaction();
  // Burn 0.01 Your Stable
  const burnedAmount = 0.01 * 10 ** YourStableClient.underlyingDecimal;
  const yourStableCoin = await getInputCoins(
    tx,
    suiClient,
    signer.toSuiAddress(),
    yourStableCoinType,
    BigInt(burnedAmount),
  );
  
  // Burn and receive USDC
  const buckCoin = factory.burnYourStableMoveCall(tx, yourStableCoin, "USDC");

  tx.transferObjects([buckCoin], signer.toSuiAddress());

  const response = await suiClient.signAndExecuteTransaction({
    transaction: tx,
    signer,
  });
}
```

### Claim Rewards

```typescript
async function claimReward() {
  const signer = loadSigner();
  const yourStableCoinType = "0x26c842736665d461bd9a73c7a11ac69d64ec14015fdb5fd8f3c04c881a993f6a::jusd::JUSD";
  
  const factory = await YourStableClient.initialize(
    suiClient,
    yourStableCoinType,
  );

  const tx = new Transaction();
  const stsBuckCoin = factory.claimRewardMoveCall(tx);
  tx.transferObjects([stsBuckCoin], signer.toSuiAddress());

  const response = await suiClient.signAndExecuteTransaction({
    transaction: tx,
    signer,
  });
}
```

### Update Metadata

```typescript
async function updateMetadata() {
  const signer = loadSigner();
  const yourStableCoinType = "0x26c842736665d461bd9a73c7a11ac69d64ec14015fdb5fd8f3c04c881a993f6a::jusd::JUSD";
  
  const factory = await YourStableClient.initialize(
    suiClient,
    yourStableCoinType,
  );

  const tx = new Transaction();
  const metadataObjectId = "0x9aa8e18af0d91d6be64c9478ad6ef01e513720664b816545aed79071014a2d62";
  
  factory.updateMetadataMoveCall(tx, metadataObjectId, {
    iconUrl: "data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2Z...",
  });

  const response = await suiClient.signAndExecuteTransaction({
    transaction: tx,
    signer,
  });
}
```

### Get Factory Information

```typescript
async function getYourStableFactory() {
  const yourStableCoinType = "0x26c842736665d461bd9a73c7a11ac69d64ec14015fdb5fd8f3c04c881a993f6a::jusd::JUSD";
  
  const factory = await YourStableClient.initialize(
    suiClient,
    yourStableCoinType,
  );

  // Get information about the factory
  const yourStableTotalSupply = Number(await factory.getYourStableTotalSupply()) / 10 ** 9;
  const yourStableBasicSupply = Number(await factory.getYourStableBasicSupply()) / 10 ** 9;
  const yourStableExtensionSupplies = await factory.getYourStableExtensionSupplies();
  const underlyingSTSBUCKBalance = Number(factory.getUnderlyingSTSBUCKBalance());
  const underlyingSTSBUCKReserve = Number(await factory.getUnderlyingSTSBuckReserve()) / 10 ** 9;
  const rewardSTSBuckAmount = Number(await factory.getRewardsSTSBuckAmount()) / 10 ** 9;
  const rewardsBuckAmount = Number(await factory.getRewardsBuckAmount()) / 10 ** 9;
  
  console.log({
    yourStableTotalSupply,
    yourStableBasicSupply,
    yourStableExtensionSupplies,
    underlyingSTSBUCKBalance,
    underlyingSTSBUCKReserve,
    rewardSTSBuckAmount,
    rewardsBuckAmount,
  });
}
```

## Additional Features

- **Batch Redeem**: Redeem multiple stablecoins at once
- **Set Basic Limit**: Update the basic supply limit for Your Stable coins
- **Burn and Redeem**: Combined operation to burn Your Stable and redeem a specific amount

## Dry Run Support

The SDK supports dry running transactions before submitting them:

```typescript
const dryRunResponse = await dryRun(suiClient, tx, signer.toSuiAddress());

if (dryRunResponse.dryrunRes.effects.status.status === "success") {
  const response = await suiClient.signAndExecuteTransaction({
    transaction: tx,
    signer,
  });
} else {
  console.error(dryRunResponse.dryrunRes.effects.status.error);
}
```

## License

MIT

Commit message:

feat: add warning info on README.md

README.md, after:

# Your Stable SDK

## Overview

The Your Stable SDK provides a set of functions for interacting with Your Stable contracts, allowing developers to:

- Create a factory for Your Stable coins
- Mint Your Stable coins with supported stablecoins (e.g., USDC)
- Burn Your Stable coins to redeem underlying assets
- Claim rewards
- Manage factory settings and limits
- Update metadata for Your Stable coins

## Installation

```bash
npm install your-stable-sdk
# or
yarn add your-stable-sdk
```

## Usage Examples

### Initialize Sui Client

```typescript
import { getFullnodeUrl, SuiClient } from "@mysten/sui/client";

const suiClient = new SuiClient({ url: getFullnodeUrl("mainnet") });
```

### Create a Factory

```typescript
import { Transaction } from "@mysten/sui/transactions";
import { YourStableClient, phantom, dryRun } from "your-stable-sdk";

async function createFactory() {
  const signer = loadSigner();
  const tx = new Transaction();

  // input your config
  const config = {
    // yourStable coinType
    yourStableCoinType: "0x26c842736665d461bd9a73c7a11ac69d64ec14015fdb5fd8f3c04c881a993f6a::jusd::JUSD",
    // yourStable treasuryCapId
    treasuryCapId: "0x82004b20e7d6b78eceeb61fc69d2c3e5a10a9e4448d37a2876e67fe5059741ce",
    // metadata for yourStable
    metadataObjectId: "0x9aa8e18af0d91d6be64c9478ad6ef01e513720664b816545aed79071014a2d62",
    // supply limit for yourStable 
    supplyLimit: BigInt(10000 * 10 ** YourStableClient.underlyingDecimal),
  };

  const [factory, factoryCap] = YourStableClient.createFactoryMoveCall(
    tx,
    config.yourStableCoinType,
    config.treasuryCapId,
    config.metadataObjectId,
    config.supplyLimit,
  );

  // Make factory a shared object; or converting to owned/wrapped object as you wish
  const factoryType = Factory.r(
    phantom(config.yourStableCoinType),
  ).fullTypeName;
  tx.moveCall({
    target: "0x2::transfer::public_share_object",
    typeArguments: [factoryType],
    arguments: [factory],
  });

  // Transfer factory cap to recipient
  tx.transferObjects([factoryCap], signer.toSuiAddress());

  // Execute transaction
  const response = await suiClient.signAndExecuteTransaction({
    transaction: tx,
    signer,
  });
}
```

### Mint Your Stable Coins

```typescript
import { COIN_TYPE_LIST } from "your-stable-sdk";

async function mintYourStable() {
  const signer = loadSigner();
  const yourStableCoinType = "0x26c842736665d461bd9a73c7a11ac69d64ec14015fdb5fd8f3c04c881a993f6a::jusd::JUSD";
  
  // Initialize factory
  const factory = await YourStableClient.initialize(
    suiClient,
    yourStableCoinType,
  );

  const tx = new Transaction();
  // Mint 0.01 USDC worth of Your Stable
  const depositedAmount = 0.01 * 10 ** 6;
  const usdcCoin = await getInputCoins(
    tx,
    suiClient,
    signer.toSuiAddress(),
    COIN_TYPE_LIST.USDC,
    BigInt(depositedAmount),
  );
  
  // Mint Your Stable coins
  const yourStableCoin = factory.mintYourStableMoveCall(
    tx,
    COIN_TYPE_LIST.USDC,
    usdcCoin,
  );

  tx.transferObjects([yourStableCoin], signer.toSuiAddress());

  // Execute transaction
  const response = await suiClient.signAndExecuteTransaction({
    transaction: tx,
    signer,
  });
}
```

### Burn Your Stable Coins

```typescript
async function burnYourStable() {
  const signer = loadSigner();
  const yourStableCoinType = "0x26c842736665d461bd9a73c7a11ac69d64ec14015fdb5fd8f3c04c881a993f6a::jusd::JUSD";
  
  const factory = await YourStableClient.initialize(
    suiClient,
    yourStableCoinType,
  );

  const tx = new Transaction();
  // Burn 0.01 Your Stable
  const burnedAmount = 0.01 * 10 ** YourStableClient.underlyingDecimal;
  const yourStableCoin = await getInputCoins(
    tx,
    suiClient,
    signer.toSuiAddress(),
    yourStableCoinType,
    BigInt(burnedAmount),
  );
  
  // Burn and receive USDC
  const buckCoin = factory.burnYourStableMoveCall(tx, yourStableCoin, "USDC");

  tx.transferObjects([buckCoin], signer.toSuiAddress());

  const response = await suiClient.signAndExecuteTransaction({
    transaction: tx,
    signer,
  });
}
```

### Claim Rewards

```typescript
async function claimReward() {
  const signer = loadSigner();
  const yourStableCoinType = "0x26c842736665d461bd9a73c7a11ac69d64ec14015fdb5fd8f3c04c881a993f6a::jusd::JUSD";
  
  const factory = await YourStableClient.initialize(
    suiClient,
    yourStableCoinType,
  );

  const tx = new Transaction();
  const stsBuckCoin = factory.claimRewardMoveCall(tx);
  tx.transferObjects([stsBuckCoin], signer.toSuiAddress());

  const response = await suiClient.signAndExecuteTransaction({
    transaction: tx,
    signer,
  });
}
```

### Update Metadata

```typescript
async function updateMetadata() {
  const signer = loadSigner();
  const yourStableCoinType = "0x26c842736665d461bd9a73c7a11ac69d64ec14015fdb5fd8f3c04c881a993f6a::jusd::JUSD";
  
  const factory = await YourStableClient.initialize(
    suiClient,
    yourStableCoinType,
  );

  const tx = new Transaction();
  const metadataObjectId = "0x9aa8e18af0d91d6be64c9478ad6ef01e513720664b816545aed79071014a2d62";
  
  factory.updateMetadataMoveCall(tx, metadataObjectId, {
    iconUrl: "data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2Z...",
  });

  const response = await suiClient.signAndExecuteTransaction({
    transaction: tx,
    signer,
  });
}
```

### Get Factory Information

```typescript
async function getYourStableFactory() {
  const yourStableCoinType = "0x26c842736665d461bd9a73c7a11ac69d64ec14015fdb5fd8f3c04c881a993f6a::jusd::JUSD";
  
  const factory = await YourStableClient.initialize(
    suiClient,
    yourStableCoinType,
  );

  // Get information about the factory
  const yourStableTotalSupply = Number(await factory.getYourStableTotalSupply()) / 10 ** 9;
  const yourStableBasicSupply = Number(await factory.getYourStableBasicSupply()) / 10 ** 9;
  const yourStableExtensionSupplies = await factory.getYourStableExtensionSupplies();
  const underlyingSTSBUCKBalance = Number(factory.getUnderlyingSTSBUCKBalance());
  const underlyingSTSBUCKReserve = Number(await factory.getUnderlyingSTSBuckReserve()) / 10 ** 9;
  const rewardSTSBuckAmount = Number(await factory.getRewardsSTSBuckAmount()) / 10 ** 9;
  const rewardsBuckAmount = Number(await factory.getRewardsBuckAmount()) / 10 ** 9;
  
  console.log({
    yourStableTotalSupply,
    yourStableBasicSupply,
    yourStableExtensionSupplies,
    underlyingSTSBUCKBalance,
    underlyingSTSBUCKReserve,
    rewardSTSBuckAmount,
    rewardsBuckAmount,
  });
}
```

## Additional Features

- **Batch Redeem**: Redeem multiple stablecoins at once
- **Set Basic Limit**: Update the basic supply limit for Your Stable coins
- **Burn and Redeem**: Combined operation to burn Your Stable and redeem a specific amount

## Dry Run Support

The SDK supports dry running transactions before submitting them:

```typescript
const dryRunResponse = await dryRun(suiClient, tx, signer.toSuiAddress());

if (dryRunResponse.dryrunRes.effects.status.status === "success") {
  const response = await suiClient.signAndExecuteTransaction({
    transaction: tx,
    signer,
  });
} else {
  console.error(dryRunResponse.dryrunRes.effects.status.error);
}
```

# ⚠️ Important: Package ID Updates

> **Warning:** Static utility functions may not track the latest package ID automatically.

When using static utility functions such as:
- `getQuotedStSBuckAmountByStableCoinAmount`
- `batchRedeem`

These functions are exported as static methods for external usage convenience, but they **will not automatically track the latest updated package ID** for subsequent `moveCall` operations.

## How to Update Package ID

To ensure you're using the most current package ID, you have two options:

1. **Execute the initialize function** with your specific stable coin type
2. **Call `getLatestPackageId()`** to retrieve the current package ID

## Why This Matters

Without updating to the latest package ID, your subsequent move calls may fail or reference outdated contract versions. Always ensure you're working with the current package ID before performing critical operations.
